The launch of this new hotel brands is very important.
After the butler, prepare a suitable dress for you.
It's a pool party.
Where's the thing?
It's beautiful.
Poor things.
Since you don't have any suitable clothes to wear.
Maybe I should give you something for my old collection.
Then everyone will know,
Mrs. Miller wears only my hand-me-downs.
After all, it's normal for people with now class.
Right?
Guys, right?
The end has swept all of my clothes for her old ones.
I'm not going to wear her hand-me-downs and give her reason to humiliate me.
What are you talking about?
I'm gonna get out.
Sir, I'll relate to Mrs. Miller, leave just like that.
Don't you think she turned into a completely different person all of a sudden?
Why's that?
Yeah.
Man, I'm thinking too much.
About that car accident.
Have the doctor's adjustments report to me?